Rewrite readme for Product-ei (#3764)
wso2/product-ei: README.md

![WSO2 Enterprise Integrator](gh-docs/images/wso2-integration-logo.png?raw=true)

[![Build Status][badge-travis-image]][badge-travis-url]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/wso2/product-ei/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/wso2.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=wso2)

# WSO2 Enterprise Integrator

> WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, fast, cloud native and scalable integration solution which can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, fast, cloud native and scalable integration solution that is 
```

Author: Added.

> positioned as the core of WSO2 Integration Agile Platform. It enables enterprise integration developers to build 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the core of WSO2 Integration agile platform. It enables enterprise integration developers to build 
```

Author: Added.

> sophisticated integration solutions, achieving digital agility. As a mature integration product since 2005,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sophisticated integration solutions to achieve digital agility. As a mature integration product since 2005,
```

Author: Added.

> *(branded as WSO2 ESB at the time)*, it continues to be the most sophisticated and extensible enterprise integration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(branded as WSO2 ESB at the time)*, it continues to be the most sophisticated and extensible enterprise integration 
```

Author: Added.

> solutions out there in open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution available.
```

Author: Added.

Actively maintained, with commercial support from WSO2 Inc, WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is widely used in production at 
companies around the globe starting from startups to fortune 500 companies in the fields of government, healthcare, 
banking, education, communication, etc.

> [Installation](https://docs.wso2.com/display/EI640/Installation+Guide) | 

Reviewer 2: Is that possible to make it open _blank? AFAIK its not in markdown. Can you try something?

Author: Please see https://github.com/abeykoon/product-ei/tree/modify_readme. It is displayed as "|", which I required.

[Documentation](https://docs.wso2.com/display/EI640/) | 
[Mailing Lists](https://wso2.com/mail/) | 
[Blog](https://wso2.com/blogs/thesource/) | 
[Support](https://wso2.com/subscription) | 
[Nightly Builds](https://wso2.org/jenkins/view/products/job/products/job/product-ei/)

## Outline 

- [**Why WSO2 Enterprise Integrator?**](#Why-WSO2-Enterprise-Integrator)
- [**Features**](#Features)
- [**Distributions**](#Distributions)
- [**Installation and Run**](#Installation-and-Run)
- [**Artifact Development**](#Artifact-Development)
- [**Building from Source**](#Building-from-Source)
- [**Enterprise Support**](#Enterprise-Support)
- [**Licence**](#License)

## Why WSO2 Enterprise Integrator

> WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, hybrid integration platform. It is comprised of profiles those address different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, hybrid integration platform. It is comprised of profiles that address different
```

Reviewer 2: @samgnaniah No, Micro integrator will explain in seperate repo

Author: As per @kasun04 , we should link it as the cloud native distribution of EI. Will link it accordingly.

parts of a complete integration story. 

**Enterprise Service Bus profile**: If you are trying to interconnect your enterprise applications on-premise, legacy or cloud, WSO2 EI can act as a Service Bus. It can help transforming messages 
  to different formats, standards, use different protocols to communicate and mediating messages across the applications. 
  With 100+ ready made cloud connectors, intuitive tooling,  analytic capabilities WSO2 EI provides a greater agility to 
  meet growing and changing enterprise demands. It can also accelerate bringing your enterprise data to the screen by 
  exposing them as services, APIs.
 

> **Message Broker profile**: WSO2 EI is comprised of asynchronous messaging capability and can act as an AMQP broker. 

Reviewer: Have to define AMQP. Also "asynchronous messaging" is very vague for someone trying to read a README.

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: +1. Modified.

> **Business-process profile**: If your integration story contains human interactions (i.e approval process) WSO2 EI can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Business-process profile**: If your integration story contains human interactions (i.e., an approval process) WSO2 EI can 
```

Author: Added.

>   corporate with BPS/BPMN and human task capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cooperate with BPS/BPMN and human task capabilities.
```

What do we mean when we say, "cooperate with BPS"? Someone reading this as a new user will be slightly confused.

Author: Agreed. Will change as "WSO2 EI can provide BPS/BPMN and human task capabilities to develop work-flows."

> **Analytics profile**: Provides time based/count based analytics, stats and monetization capability at different points of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Analytics profile**: Provides time-based/count-based analytics, stats, and monetization capability at different points of 
```

Author: Added.

>   your integration flow implemented by combining above profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  your integration flow implemented by combining the above profiles.
```

I feel at some point in this README we have to mention how you would combine different profiles and link off to some detailed document on this.

Author: As MB and BPS profiles need not to get highlighted, we should not talk much on cross profile communication.

> With all above aspects together those are seamlessly cross-supportive, WSO2 EI is a complete powerful middleware solution which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All above aspects are seamlessly cross-supportive and, together, makes WSO2 EI a complete powerful middleware solution that
```

Author: Added.

can help you to digitalize your business with more agility.

[![WSO2 Enterprise Integrator](gh-docs/images/wso2-ei-overview.png?raw=true "WSO2 Enterprise Integrator")](https://wso2.com/integration/features/)

## Features

- **Support for all EIP Patterns**: Integrate applications following 
  [standard enterprise integration patterns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enterprise_Integration_Patterns) 
- **Faster message mediation**: [Passthrough HTTP Transport](https://wso2.com/library/articles/2013/12/demystifying-wso2-esb-pass-through-transport-part-i/) 

>   developed at WSO2 for faster message mediation through WSO2 EI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for faster message mediation through WSO2 EI
```

Author: Added.

> - **Supports multiple transports/messaging standards**: Enable to interconnect applications which support different 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Supports multiple transports/messaging standards**: Interconnect applications that support different 
```

Author: Added.

>   protocols (i.e HTTP and JMS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  protocols (i.e., HTTP and JMS)
```

Author: Added.

> - **Supports numerous formats and protocols**: Enable to interconnect applications which work with different message 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Supports numerous formats and protocols**: Interconnect applications that work with different message 
```

Author: Added.

>   formats (i.e xml and Json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  formats (i.e., XML and JSON)
```

Author: Added.

|[WSO2 EI Brew Install](https://wso2.com/integration/install/brew/)                  |   |   |
|[WSO2 EI Apt Install](https://wso2.com/integration/install/apt/)                    |   |   |

## Installation and Run

Extract wso2ei-x.x.x.zip and navigate to extracted directory/bin. From there, start the preferred profile. 
After started, Management console will be accessible for the profile started. 
Use username:*admin* and password:*admin* to access the console.

| Profile            | Web Console Url                       |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------|
| `Integrator (ESB)` | https://localhost:9443/carbon         |
| `Broker`           | https://localhost:9446/carbon         |
| `Business process` | https://localhost:9445/carbon         |
| `Analytics`        | https://localhost:9643/portal         |

All open issues pertaining to WSO2 Enterprise Integrator are reported at the following location: 
[known issues](https://github.com/wso2/product-ei/issues)

## Artifact Development

Use WSO2 EI tooling for artifact development to be deployed and run on WSO2 EI. It is a powerful, visual editor for 

> developing WSO2 EI integration artifacts with enables to structure the whole enterprise integration solution to a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developing WSO2 EI integration artifacts that enables to structure the whole enterprise integration solution to a 
```

Author: Added.

> single project and export it as a single deployable unit. A team can push the project on Github and collaboratively 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
single project and export it as a single deployable unit. A team can push the project on GitHub and collaboratively 
```

Author: Added.

work on developing integration flows. 

Read on how to develop integration artifacts with EI tooling [here](https://docs.wso2.com/display/EI640/Integration+Tutorials).

## Building from Source

If you intend to build the project from the source you can do that with or without building the dependent projects. 
Here is an outline how the dependent project are structured. If you build with dependencies, you need to do it from 
bottom to top in the hierarchy.

![WSO2 EI-Repositories](gh-docs/images/ei-repo-structure.png?raw=true)

Repositories referred above

- [product EI](https://github.com/wso2/product-ei): contains product EI packaging 
- [carbon-mediation](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-mediation): mediation features related to WSO2 ESB are developed in this repository 
- [carbon-data](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-data): contains features related to data services 

> - [wso2-synapse](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-synapse): source of messaging engine used by the WSO2 ESB runtime 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [wso2-synapse](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-synapse): source of messaging engine used by the WSO2 EI runtime 
```

Author: Added.

- [carbon-business-messaging](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-business-messaging): features related to WSO2 Message Broker 
- [andes](https://github.com/wso2/andes): implementation of messaging core of WSO2 Message Broker 

> - [carbon-business-process](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-business-process): contains the modules implementing BPEL , WS-Human Tasks and BPMN support for WSO2 BPS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [carbon-business-process](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-business-process): contains the modules implementing BPEL, WS-Human Tasks, and BPMN support for WSO2 EI's business process profile 
```

Author: Added.

- [wso2-ode](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-ode): WS-BPEL compliant web services orchestration engine 

> - [carbon Commons](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-commons): contains the common components to Carbon (i.e cluster mgt, logging, ntask) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [carbon Commons](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-commons): contains the common components to Carbon (i.e., cluster management, logging, ntask) 
```

Author: Added.

> - [WSO2 Axis2 Transports](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-axis2-transports): includes the axis2 based transport implementations (i.e JMS, Mail, message builders, formatters) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WSO2 Axis2 Transports](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-axis2-transports): includes the axis2-based transport implementations (i.e., JMS, Mail, message builders, formatters) 
```

Author: Added.

> - [carbon Kernel (4.x.x)](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/tree/4.4.x): lean, modular, OSGi-based platform, is the base of the WSO2 Carbon platform. server software development platform 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [carbon Kernel (4.x.x)](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-kernel/tree/4.4.x): lean, modular, OSGi-based platform. This is the base of the WSO2 Carbon platform and is a server software development platform 
```

Author: Added.

> - [wso2-axis2](https://github.com/wso2/wso2-axis2): is a Web Services / SOAP / WSDL engine. Forked by [Apache Axis2](http://axis.apache.org/axis2/java/core/) 

Reviewer: Is it "forked by" or "forked from"? 

"Forked by" indicates that they have forked our repo. I assume that it's the opposite?

Author: Should be "forked from". Updated.

- [carbon Analytics](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-analytics): contains components related to WSO2 Stream Processor 
- [carbon event processing](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-event-processing): realtime event processing functionalities used in WSO2 analytics platform. 
- [carbon analytics](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-analytics): common functionalities used in WSO2 analytics platform 
- [carbon dashboards](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-dashboards): APIs and UI components related to analytic dashboards 
- [carbon analytics commons](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-analytics-common): implements common functionalities used in WSO2 analytics platform 

> - [siddhi-io.*  repos](https://github.com/wso2-extensions): contains repos which contributes to transport layer of analytics 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [siddhi-io.*  repos](https://github.com/wso2-extensions): contains repos that contribute to the transport layer of analytics 
```

Author: Added.

![WSO2 Enterprise Integrator](gh-docs/images/wso2-integration-logo.png?raw=true)

[![Build Status][badge-travis-image]][badge-travis-url]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/wso2/product-ei/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/wso2.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=wso2)

# WSO2 Enterprise Integrator

WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, fast, cloud native and scalable integration solution that is the core of 
WSO2 Integration Agile Platform. It enables enterprise integration developers to build sophisticated integration 

> solutions to achieve digital agility. As a mature integration product since 2005,*(branded as WSO2 ESB at the time)*, it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solutions to achieve digital agility. As a mature integration product since 2005, *(branded as WSO2 ESB at the time)*, it 
```

- [**Licence**](#License)

## Why WSO2 Enterprise Integrator

WSO2 Enterprise Integrator is an open source, hybrid integration platform. It is comprised of profiles that address different
parts of a complete integration story. 

**Enterprise Service Bus profile**: If you are trying to interconnect your enterprise applications on-premise, legacy 
  or cloud, WSO2 EI can act as a Service Bus. It can help transforming messages 
  to different formats, standards, use different protocols to communicate and mediating messages across the applications. 
  With 100+ ready made cloud connectors, intuitive tooling,  analytic capabilities WSO2 EI provides a greater agility to 
  meet growing and changing enterprise demands. It can also accelerate bringing your enterprise data to the screen by 
  exposing them as services, APIs.
 
**Message Broker profile**: This allows for queueing of messages (using the AMQP protocol) where you do not require an 
  immediate response to continue processing. WSO2 EI acts as a Message Broker server.  

**Business-process profile**: If your integration story contains human interactions (i.e., approval process) WSO2 EI  

>   provides BPS/BPMN and human task capabilities to develop work-flows.

Reviewer 3: We need add requirement of "statefull integration/orchestration" BPEL,BPMN are not only for human interactions

Author: Updated as 

```
**Business-process profile**: If your integration story contains human interactions (i.e., approval process) or stateful 
  integration/orchestration, WSO2 EI provides BPEL/BPMN and human task capabilities to develop work-flows.
```

  protocols (i.e., HTTP and JMS)
- **Supports numerous formats and protocols**: Interconnect applications that work with different message 
  formats (i.e., XML and Json)
- **As a gateway** : Front operations within the operations as a managed, secured proxy services/APIs.  
- **Offer QOS to services/APis**: Supports throttling, caching responses for faster mediation, circuit breaking, 
  applying security 
- **Secure enterprise**: Apply Oauth 2.0, Saml SSO, Keberos for services/APIs. WS-security support for proxy services 
- **Service orchestration**: Enable to interconnect a set of APIs and web services and expose them as a single API or 
  a web service 
- **Database integration**: Enable to expose data as services and APIs, stream data and listen for data changes and 
  trigger events 
- **Handle many concurrent HTTP(S) connections**: Ability to serve multiple HTTP connections concurrently using 
  reactor pattern and Java NIO
- **Event publishing, logging and auditing**: Server logs, audit logs, trace logs with information of executions within 
  server to different levels and ability to integrate with popular log analytic software 

> - **170+ connectors**: Connecting Web APIs / Cloud services with on-premise enterprise applications

Reviewer 2: we have 186 connector, shall we state 185+

Author: ACK. Updated.
